# MTP
Jetson TK1 is a first mobile processor from NVIDIA having similar features and architecture as that of a modern desktop GPU and still using low power from a mobile chip. Therefore, Jetson TK1 runs the same CUDA code (running on desktop GPU) with similar level of performance. Also, with the dawn of GPU technology, it has become possible to perform tasks that are computationally in- tensive (i.e. those taking lots of computation) in real or near real time. In the agriculture domain, retrieving the biophysical parameters of the crop is important as it provides insights into the plant growth status. Inversion of radiative transfer models enables to obtain these parameters. However, such a procedure is highly computationally intensive. The focus of this work is to develop and implement ap- proaches that take advantage of embedded high performance computing capability of Jetson TK1 to significantly improve the inversion process of a canopy reflectance model. The experimental results show that Jetson TK1 based biophysical param- eters estimation gives significant speedup, which opens up the possibility of having a Jetson based embedded platform for on-board biophysical parameters estimation in the future. In such a scenario, where there are constraints related to energy and power, Jetson TK1 can become a practicable option by providing a GPU- based architecture for running energy-aware computationally intensive algorithms in parallel for processing the data, and generate results in real or near-real time while taking care of the power usage.

The main objectives of this work are:
1. To use Jetson TK1 as a platform to build embedded system applications for biophysical parameters estimation. It is envisaged that such a system is a potential solution for on-site and on-board biophysical parameters estima- tion from vegetation data in near-real time. To the best of my knowledge, embedded HPC applications based on Jetson TK1 has not yet been explored for biophysical parameters estimation
2. To evaluate and measure the computational time of the algorithm for bio- physical parameters estimation
3. To measure the power/energy usage of the Jetson TK1 board for biophysical parameters estimation algorithm
4. To develop a Jetson TK1 based HPC Tablet with interactive touch screen, with the biophysical parameters estimation application (App) running on top of it
